jboss-standalone/README.md, before:

## Standalone JBoss Deployment

- Requires Ansible 1.2 or newer
- Expects CentOS/RHEL 6.x hosts

These playbooks deploy a very basic implementation of JBoss Application Server,
version 7. To use them, first edit the "hosts" inventory file to contain the
hostnames of the machines on which you want JBoss deployed, and edit the 
group_vars/jboss-servers file to set any JBoss configuration parameters you need.

Then run the playbook, like this:

	ansible-playbook -i hosts site.yml

When the playbook run completes, you should be able to see the JBoss
Application Server running on the ports you chose, on the target machines.

This is a very simple playbook and could serve as a starting point for more
complex JBoss-based projects. 

### Ideas for Improvement

Here are some ideas for ways that these playbooks could be extended:

- Write a playbook or an Ansible module to configure JBoss users.
- Write a playbook to deploy an actual application into the server.
- Extend this configuration to multiple application servers fronted by a load
balancer or other web server frontend.

We would love to see contributions and improvements, so please fork this
repository on GitHub and send us your changes via pull requests.

Commit message:

Baselined EC2, EAP standalone, and Fuse playbooks

jboss-standalone/README.md, after:

## Standalone JBoss Deployment

- Requires Ansible 2 or newer
- Expects RHEL 7.x hosts

These playbooks dllow you to 
- Deploy a EC2 server from scratch
- Deploy a very basic implementation of JBoss Enterprise Application Platform (EAP), version 6.4
- Deploy a Fuse server on top of the EAP instance

To use them, first edit the appropriate "hosts" inventory file to contain the hostnames of the machines on which you want JBoss software deployed, and edit the group_vars/jboss-servers file to set any JBoss configuration parameters you need.

Then run the playbook, like this:

	ansible-playbook -i <hosts file> <desired site>.yml --private-key-file <path and filename to key file for target servers>

When the playbook run completes, you should be able to see the JBoss EAP Server running on the ports you chose, on the target machines.

This is a very simple playbook and could serve as a starting point for more complex JBoss-based projects. 

### Ideas for Improvement

Here are some ideas for ways that these playbooks could be extended:

- Write a playbook or an Ansible module to configure JBoss users.
- Write a playbook to deploy an actual application into the server.
- Extend this configuration to multiple application servers fronted by a load
balancer or other web server frontend.

We would love to see contributions and improvements, so please fork this repository on GitHub and send us your changes via pull requests.
